TELCODOCS-328 - Adding new VIP install params for IPv4 and IPv6 (#51135)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-rhv-example-install-config-yaml.adoc

  - 172.30.0.0/16
platform:
  ovirt:
    api_vips: 
      - 10.46.8.230
    ingress_vips: 

>       - 192.168.1.5

Reviewer: @creydr Where did we end up with VIPs outside the machine network for ovirt? It doesn't seem like this would work, but I guess they were running that way in ci.

Reviewer 2: IIRC the ovirt people wanted to check their config first and remove the validation, if the validation is wrong: https://coreos.slack.com/archives/C68TNFWA2/p1663242301646269?thread_ts=1662377646.622669&cid=C68TNFWA2 - anyhow I haven't seen an exception for ovirt in the installer for the validation. 
@mburman5 how did you proceed on the `IP expected to be in one of the machine networks` issue on ovirt?

Reviewer 2: I had a quick chat with @mburman5 and it seems they came over their CI issue, by adjusting their install-config

Reviewer: @creydr So does that mean the VIPs do need to be on the same subnet as the machine network? If so, we'll need to update this example.

Reviewer: It sounds like we should change this. Even if the installer weren't enforcing it (which it should, now), having the VIPs on separate subnets is not a best practice so we shouldn't document it.

Author: @cybertron - I have updated the IP addresses with your suggestion. Thanks!

Author: @cybertron - the last action I had was to update the IP address. Let me know if there is anything else or if you are ready to give your LGTM, thanks again!

====
Preallocating disks on file storage domains writes zeroes to the file. This might not actually preallocate disks depending on the underlying storage.
====
+
[NOTE]
====

> From {product-title} 4.12 or later, the `apiVIP` and `IngressVIP` configuration settings are deprecated. Instead, use a list format to enter values in the `apiVIPs` and `IngressVIPs` configuration settings.

Author: Nice catch!

sshKey: ssh-ed12345 AAAA...
----

[NOTE]
====

> From {product-title} 4.12 or later, the `apiVIP` and `IngressVIP` configuration settings are deprecated. Instead, use a list format to enter values in the `apiVIPs` and `IngressVIPs` configuration settings.

Reviewer: Yes, good catch.

sshKey: ssh-ed25519 AAAA...
----

[NOTE]
====

> From {product-title} 4.12 or later, the `apiVIP` and `IngressVIP` configuration settings are deprecated. Instead, use a list format to enter values in the `apiVIPs` and `IngressVIPs` configuration settings.

Reviewer 3: Same as above
```suggestion
From {product-title} 4.12 or later, the `api_vip` and `ingress_vip` configuration settings are deprecated. Instead, use a list format to enter values in the `api_vips` and `ingress_vips` configuration settings.
```
